Mentoring program announcement (#393)
OSGeo/grass-website: content/news/2023_10_11_Mentoring_Program_announced.md

  <img src="/images/news/mentoring_program.jpg"
   alt="GRASS GIS mentoring"
   title="Mentoring program to help students, researchers, and software developers integrate GRASS GIS into their projects"
   width="35%" style="float:right;padding-left:25px;padding-top:15px">
</a>

The GRASS GIS project is launching a new [mentoring program](https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Mentoring_Program) to help students, researchers, and software developers integrate GRASS GIS into their projects. Mentoring will be provided free of charge by experienced GRASS developers in a one-on-one setting allowing for remote and asynchronous communication. Mentors will work with participants to select the most appropriate and efficient tools and techniques to run and integrate GRASS tools into the participants' workflow and provide advice and feedback during the implementation.

The use cases include (but are not limited to):

* developing workflow that uses GRASS GIS e.g., through Python, Bash, R API,
* contributing a research tool for GRASS GIS in Python, C, or C++,
* running GRASS GIS on a high-performance cluster,
* integrating GRASS GIS in another software.

> The program is open to people from all walks of life regardless of employment or student status. Projects on beginner technical level are welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The program is open to people from all walks of life regardless of employment or student status. Applicants and projects on beginner technical level are welcome.
```
Would that make sense?

Interested? To apply, follow the directions on the [Mentoring Program wiki](https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Mentoring_Program).

<a href="/images/logos/NSF_logo.png">
  <img src="/images/logos/NSF_logo.png"
   alt="U.S. National Science Foundation logo"
   title="Supported by U.S. National Science Foundation"
   width="15%" style="float:right;padding-left:25px;padding-top:15px">
</a>

> The funding to cover the time of mentors is provided by the U.S. National Science Foundation, award 2303651.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The funding to cover the mentors' time is provided by the U.S. National Science Foundation, award 2303651.
```
